I have created a pet project of a social profile with registration and
authentication capabilities. The application allows users to view posts from
registered users, and the user's profile page displays a collection of posts
created by them. Users can create posts with titles and photos, as well as leave
comments and like posts.

This project showcases my ability to develop a full-fledged social platform with
core functionalities commonly found in popular applications of this kind. I
utilized various technologies and tools for development, including programming
languages, frameworks, and a database. I also paid attention to the user
interface design to ensure usability and visual appeal. As a result, I have
created a functional and aesthetically pleasing social profile that serves as a
tangible demonstration of my web development and user interface design skills.

The technologies used in this project include:

Firebase (specifically "@firebase/app" and "firebase") for authentication and
database functionality. Redux and React Redux ("redux" and "react-redux") for
state management. Redux Toolkit ("@reduxjs/toolkit") for simplifying Redux setup
and usage. React Router Dom ("react-router-dom") for routing within the React
application. Styled Components ("styled-components") for styling the components
using CSS-in-JS approach. Formik ("formik") for building and managing forms in
React. Yup ("yup") for form validation. React Icons ("react-icons") for
including iconography in the application. React Toastify ("react-toastify") for
displaying toast notifications. Notiflix ("notiflix") for custom notifications
in the application. Date-fns ("date-fns") for date manipulation and formatting.
UUID ("uuid") for generating unique identifiers. Redux Persist ("redux-persist")
and Redux Persist Transform Filter ("redux-persist-transform-filter") for
persisting Redux state in local storage. Testing Library (specifically
"@testing-library/jest-dom", "@testing-library/react", and
"@testing-library/user-event") for unit testing React components. Web Vitals
("web-vitals") for measuring and reporting web performance metrics. React
Scripts ("react-scripts") for development scripts and configuration. These
technologies were chosen to provide a robust and efficient development stack for
creating the social profile application.
